SOLR-16824: BACKPORT Adopt Linux Command line tool pattern of -- for long option commands (branch_9x) (#2540)
apache/solr: solr/CHANGES.txt

* SOLR-15591: Make using debugger in Solr easier by avoiding NPE in ExternalPaths.determineSourceHome.  (@charlygrappa via Eric Pugh)

* SOLR-16824: Adopt Linux standard pattern of -- for long option commands, and make all commands "kebab" formatting.  I.e -zkHost is now -zk-host.  The old parameters
  such as -zkHost continue to be supported in the 9.x line of Solr.  -u is now used to specify user credentials everywhere, this only impacts the bin/solr assert 

>   commands "same user" check which has -u as the short form of --same-user. (Eric Pugh, janhoy, Jason Gerlowski)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  commands "same user" check which has -u as the short form of --same-user. (Eric Pugh, Jan Høydahl, Jason Gerlowski)
```
```suggestion
  commands "same user" check which has -u as the short form of --same-user. (Eric Pugh, janhoy, Jason Gerlowski)
```
